Update keyboard-shortcuts.md (#4691)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/docs/cloud/dbt-cloud-ide/keyboard-shortcuts.md

|--------|----------------|------------------|
| View a full list of editor shortcuts | Fn-F1 | Fn-F1 |
| Select a file to open | Command-O | Control-O |
| Close currently active editor tab | Option-W | Alt-W |
| Preview code | Command-Enter | Control-Enter |
| Compile code | Command-Shift-Enter | Control-Shift-Enter |
| Reveal a list of dbt functions in the editor | Enter two underscores `__` | Enter two underscores  `__` |

> | Open the command palette to invoke dbt commands and actions  | - Command-P<br />- Command-Shift-P | Control-P <br /> Control-Shift-P |

Author: ```suggestion
| Open the command palette to invoke dbt commands and actions  | Command-P / Command-Shift-P | Control-P / Control-Shift-P |
```

> | Multi-edit in the editor by selecting multiple lines | - Option-Click<br />- Shift-Option-Command<br />- Shift-Option-Click | Hold Alt and Click |

Author: ```suggestion
| Multi-edit in the editor by selecting multiple lines | Option-Click / Shift-Option-Command / Shift-Option-Click  | Hold Alt and Click |
```

> | Toggle open the [Invocation history drawer](/docs/cloud/dbt-cloud-ide/ide-user-interface#invocation-history) located on the bottom of the IDE.  | Control-backtick (or Control + `)  | Control-backtick (or Ctrl + `) |

Author: ```suggestion
| Open the [Invocation history drawer](/docs/cloud/dbt-cloud-ide/ide-user-interface#invocation-history) located at the bottom of the IDE.  | Control-backtick (or Control + `)  | Control-backtick (or Ctrl + `) | 
```

> | Open the [Invocation history drawer](/docs/cloud/dbt-cloud-ide/ide-user-interface#invocation-history) located at the bottom of the IDE.  | Control-backtick (or Control + `)  | Control-backtick (or Ctrl + `) | 

Author: ```suggestion
| Open the [**Invocation History Drawer**](/docs/cloud/dbt-cloud-ide/ide-user-interface#invocation-history) located at the bottom of the IDE.  | Control-backtick (or Control + `)  | Control-backtick (or Ctrl + `) | 
```
